hi I'm Arianna boy guitar center today
we're taking a look at the mine OCA j1
walnut snare Cajon cojones are one of
the most popular percussion instruments
today these are preferred by many
drummers as a substitute for your drum
kit so if you playing like a small party
maybe a street performance coffee house
any kind of place that you wouldn't want
to take a whole drum set in the Cajon
will do the gig for you the great thing
about Cajon is that you can emulate the
kick drum by playing in the center and
the snare drum by playing on the edges
pretty much replaces your whole drum kit
and you can load in and load out in one
trip this particular model features a
walnut front plate which looks great and
also produces a very warm sound this is
a snare Cajon what that means is that it
has wires on the inside that touch the
plate what that does is it makes it
sound similar to a snare drum the cool
thing is you can turn the snares on and
off with this knob on the side you can
have the snares all the way on or all
the way off and also any adjustment
in-between this is a great feature since
with many other cones you have to go
through the back with a tool to adjust
the wires if you're looking for a more
traditional sound what you can do is you
can turn the snares off and unscrew a
couple of bolts on the top here that's
going to create more of that peruvian
cajon sound another great feature about
this Cajon is that the top is actually
padded with many other cones you have to
add this later on so this is included
right out of the box
the mine OCA j1 walnut snare Cajon check
out our guitar center stores and guitar
center calm